# PatchReadyCheck - Patch Monitor utility for Philips MR scanners
PatchMonitor is a small utility that can be installed on the taskbar off a Philips MR console to monitor the patch installation status.

One of the problems on Philips MR systems, is that it's not easy for users to check if a scannerpatch is installed when the scanner console is operating under a nonservice account. This could cause problems when a scanner is used in a heterogeneous environment, where MRItechnicians and researchers install or remove patches rather frequently. The SmartPatch utility is a small utility that monitors  the patchdirectory (G:\Site\Patches) for a file called scanner.exe. When such a file exists, the utility collects some information about the patch, and stores this in a status file (E:\Export\patchstatus.txt). This file is then used to show the patchstatus when the Patch folder cannot be checked directly (i.e. under the regular console MRUser account).

Installation
Just copy the executable (incl. required DLL's) to a folder on teh scanner console PC in a folder that is accessible by all accounts (i.e .E:\Export\SmartPatch). Then create a shortcut to the patchmonitor.exe in the StartUp folder of the start menu. Create such a shortcut for all user accounts that should start the tool automatically. (Including the account that is used to install patches.)  The utility will then automatically create a status file that is used to store the patch info for regular users that cannot access the patch folder itself.